Running without optimization:
Total time: 0.039902 seconds
Running with optimization (gcc -O2):
Total time: 0.041575 seconds


1. Optimization Didn't Lead to a Faster Execution in This Case:
The fact that the optimized version is slightly slower (0.041575s vs 0.039902s) is surprising but not entirely unexpected.
Compiler optimizations like -O2 do things such as function inlining, loop unrolling, and register optimization. 
However, in some scenarios, the compiler might not be able to improve performance significantly, especially when
 the program is already relatively efficient.

JIT (Just-In-Time) compilation or runtime optimizations in specific environments 
might play a role, and optimizationsmight sometimes add overhead in very small or simple programs.

2. Small Difference in Execution Time:
The time difference here is quite small (~0.0017 seconds), which could be attributed to several factors:

The operations being performed (adding integers from an array) are relatively simple.

The compiler may have already optimized the non-optimized version fairly well, especially with memory access patterns.

The functions tested (pointer arithmetic vs. indexing) may be optimized similarly by the compiler for such a simple task.

3. Why Might the Optimized Version Be Slower?

    Increased complexity from optimizations: Compiler optimizations might have added extra 
overhead in terms of code generation, especially in smaller-scale benchmarks. For instance, 
optimizations like function inlining or loop unrolling could introduce some overhead 
that is more noticeable in a small-scale test.

 Cache locality: The optimized version might have slightly worsened cache locality or memory access
 patterns, making the pointer arithmetic slightly slower in practice, though this would generally not be expected.

Measurement noise: For small time differences, sometimes the system’s background activity 
(other processes, caching, or even small random fluctuations) can skew timing results.

4. Insights:

For small data sets (like the size 10,000 array here), the overhead of optimization might not always 
yield noticeable performance improvements.

The pointer arithmetic (try2) might be optimized well enough by the compiler even without the -O2 
optimization flag, and the impact of optimizations may not be significant for such simple operations.

Further scaling: To really see the differences in performance, you could try using much larger arrays
 (e.g., arrays with millions of elements) or running the functions a much larger number of times 
(e.g., 100,000 iterations), which would likely reveal more noticeable timing differences.

Conclusion:
For simple tasks like summing an array, optimizations (in this case, -O2) may not provide a significant 
advantage, especially when the array size and function calls are small.

If you scale up the array size or the number of iterations significantly, you might see the optimized 
version outperforming the non-optimized one.
